Chrono 1.10 release notes (#4354)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/chronograf/v1.10/about_the_project/release-notes-changelog.md

    parent: About the project
---

> ## v1.10 [TBD]

Author: guesstimate :-)

### Features

> - Update the admin UI to provide database-level role-based access control (RBAC). The UI also shows permissions mappings more intuitively and includes:
>   - improved user creation
>   - improved role creation
>   - improved visualization of effective permissions on `Users` and `Roles` pages

Author: ```suggestion
- Update the admin UI to provide database-level role-based access control (RBAC). Also, made the following improvements to the UI:
- Show permissions mappings more intuitively
- Improve the process of creating users and roles
- Improve visualization of effective permissions on `Users` and `Roles` pages
```

> - Add [`reader role`](/chronograf/v1.10/administration/managing-chronograf-users/#readers-rolereader) for users that require read-only access to dashboards.

Author: is this same as viewer role? I switched into the main chrono-1.10 branch and didn't see this header #readers-rolereader, so want to double check this is correct link?
